He has been here for two months,
Very terminal, unwilling to wait,
Isn’t it just that you have successfully returned home after losing your job?
Sorry, but also willing,
Don't worry that your grandson is healthy.
Yes, good,
Okay, okay, young master, what’s the matter with you?
What happened?
The big party is a happy event,
My grandson’s father is happy.
When my dad is covering the moon, you give me a bag,
Take revenge on your grandson. Right?
I'll tell him about this now
Dole gave it away
These two months' money
I want to ask if you are really him
You only eat and drink
It's the same thing for me.
be bold
Don’t be pregnant with someone else’s karma
It’s passed down through your karma
We are responsible for the family
Delivered by truck